Group Name: KATS (Keeping A Timeline Solutions)
Team Manager: Michael Shum
Team Manager Email: michael-shum@hotmail.com

App Name: Squadline
Repositories:
    Source Code:
        GitHub: https://github.com/Squadline/MainRepo.git
    Compiled Code:
        GitHub: https://github.com/Squadline/APK_Repo.git
        Google Drive: https://drive.google.com/a/fourevergreen.net/folderview?id=0B6Rt83DvtSeuU05uTFZ0QzU3Tzg&usp=sharing#

Minimum Number of Devices: 1 (Android phone)
Minimum Requirements:
--OS: Android 5.0 or later
--Hardware: The app should function on almost any Android phone.

Preferred Installation:
1) Open up "Settings" on your Android device.
2) Search for the "Unknown Sources" option, which should be under "Security".
3) If "Unknown Sources" is not enabled, enable it.
4) Download the "app-debug.apk" file from the GitHub or Google Drive link given above under "Compiled Code".
5) Open the "app-debug.apk" file.
    5a) If prompted, select the option to use the "Package Installer" application.
6) Open up "Settings" on your Android device.
7) [Optional] Find the "Unknown Sources" option and disable it.
8) Search for "App permissions", which should be under "Privacy and safety".
9) Select the "Storage" option.
10) Find the "Squadline" app and make sure that storage permissions are enabled.

Alternate Installation using Android Studio:
--Use this method of installation if testing via Android Studio emulator.
1) Download the source code using the above link under "Source Code".
2) Open the repository using Android Studio.
3) Click the "Run 'app'" button (left-pointing green arrow).
4) Select an emulator running Android 5.0 or later (API 21+) or a connected Android device.
5) Open up "Settings" on the Android device or emulator.
6) Search for "App permissions", which should be under "Privacy and safety".
7) Select the "Storage" option.
8) Find the "Squadline" app and make sure that storage permissions are enabled.

To Run:
1) Select the app's icon on the home screen to run it.

To Restart:
1) Open the multitasking window and either swipe the app to the right or tap the "X" button to close it.
2) Select the app's icon from the home screen.

Login Credentials:
Populated Account:
    Email: ash@pallet.com (not a real email)
    Password: pokemon
Clean Account:
    Email: alanturing@turingcomplete.com (not a real email)
    Password: enigma
Uncreated Account:
    Email: onloanfromdmkimball@gmail.com (real email, password is cse110Student)
    Password: cse110Student
    (Note: Use this account for testing password resets.)

Technical Points of Contact:
Dana Kimball -- Senior System Analyst
    Email: dkimball@ucsd.edu
    Phone: (530) 383-9316


